in this video I'll walk you through the
process of flashing your EVGA GTX 780
superclocked edition or AC X edition
graphics card with EVGA hydro copper
Edition ROM file basically this will
enable you to achieve the stock clock
speeds of the hydro copper Edition
without spending the extra cash please
note that this flashing process is risky
if you lose power during the flash it is
likely that you will brick your video
card also it's important to note that
this may void your warranty with EVGA
and if you ever need to return your card
for an RMA please remember to flash your
bios back to its original state using
the stock rom file before returning the
card i recommend that you have
sufficient air or water cooling before
flashing to the hydro copper clocks if
you are considering water cooling I
highly recommend the coolants products
I'm using them myself and my
temperatures never go above 43 degrees
Celsius if you want to squeeze the
highest possible heat transfer
efficiency out of your air or water
cooling system I recommend replacing the
stock thermal compound with an Tex
formula 7 nano diamond thermal compound
and tax formula 7 provides damn near
100% thermal transfer efficiency and
significantly outperforms the stock GPU
thermal compound so it's highly
recommended that you use that if you're
going to stick with air cooling and run
at the hydro copper clock speeds it
takes about 30 minutes to remove your
stock air heatsink and replace the GPUs
thermal compound ok let's get started
the first step is to download gpu-z
NV flash and the hydro copper ROM file
from my website ok so the first thing
you're going to do is open up gpu-z so
that you can save a backup copy of your
stock ROM image so there's a ROM chip
icon with a green arrow on it right here
click on that and select save to file
you'll want to specify in the file name
that it's the stock rom image and save
it in a secure location so you don't
lose it
the next step is to go into your C Drive
and create a directory called NV flash
it's not critical to call it NV flash
you can call it whatever you want I'm
just going to name it NV flash because
it's easy and you'll open up your NV
flash directory the one that you
extracted after downloading NV flash and
you'll select the following files the
Exe file and the two NV flash 32 and 64
Syst files put those in your NV flash
directory and then you want to grab the
hydro copper ROM file and drop that in
there as well so you're going to have
four total files in your NV flash
directory okay the next step is to open
up the administrative command prompt and
windows 8 you can do that by right
clicking in the bottom left-hand corner
of your screen and selecting from the
menu command prompt admin then we're
going to change the directory to the C
Drive NV flash folder that we made and
then type in NV flash space the file
name gk110 ROM space - - override - 6
now what that override command does is
it allows for a firmware and adapter PCI
subsystem ID mismatch essentially what
that means is the stock ROM image that
you have on your graphics card does not
match the ROM image that you're about to
flash so this override command enables
you to do a force flash essentially of
the Hydra copper firmware image onto
your card so hit enter now I've already
updated my gtx 780 superclocked
using the hydro copper rom image so in
this case my current and my replace with
versions are exactly the same but what
you want to do at this point is just
press Y to begin the flash process it
takes anywhere from 30 seconds to two
minutes and when it's done you'll here
in
beep and then if you have a second third
or fourth graphics card it will ask you
to flash you know it'll ask you to flash
the next card in the sequence so you'll
hit Y if you have a second card wait two
minutes hit Y again if you have a third
card once it's completed it'll say no
more adapters found or no more matching
adapters found and then you're you're
done you'll want to restart your
computer after you restart your system
will most likely need to reinstall your
graphics card drivers it should do it
automatically but if it doesn't just
just reinstall your drivers and then you
can open up gpu-z
and you'll notice that your GPU clock
memory in boos clock so forth and so on
have been basically flashed to the hydro
copper Edition additionally after you've
flashed your cards you can use EVGA s
precision X to increase the clock speeds
of those cards even more which is what
I've done here I've set my power target
at 105 and I set the GPU clock offset at
sixty-five megahertz and the memory at
104 if you install EVGA 0 C scanner
you'll be able to use the test
functionality right here and essentially
what this will do is this will put a
full load onto your card you'll see over
here the GPU 1 and GPU 2 clocks and the
temperature right now I'm at 38 degrees
Celsius my cards usually don't go above
45 degrees and you'll notice over here
that we're running this test and we have
zero artifacts ok you'll notice over
here that my GPU clock on GPU one is
that 1201 megahertz
voltage is at one point one six two
millivolts my temperature right now is
at 40 degrees Celsius so it's it's
holding in there real steady now you can
really push if you're running water
cooling you can really push the clock
speed above twelve hundred megahertz on
the core okay that wraps it up thanks
for watching if you have any questions
please feel free to post them to my
website and I'll try to get back to you
as soon as I can